I set standards for my assignments in online courses. Goal setting
I set short-term (daily or weekly) goals as well as long-term
I keep a high standard for my learning in my online courses.
I set goals to help me manage studying time for my online courses.
I don't compromise the quality of my work because it is online.
I choose the location where I study to avoid too much distraction.
I find a comfortable place to study.
I know where I can study most efficiently for online courses.
I choose a time with few distractions for studying for my online courses.
I try to take more thorough notes for my online courses because notes are even more important for learning online than in a regular classroom.
I read aloud instructional materials posted online to fight against distractions.
I prepare my questions before joining in the chat room and discussion.
I work extra problems in my online courses in addition to the assigned ones to master the course content.
I allocate extra studying time for my online courses because I know it is time-demanding.
I try to schedule the same time everyday or every week to study for my online courses, and I observe the schedule.
Although we don't have to attend daily classes, I still try to distribute my studying time evenly across days.
I find someone who is knowledgeable in course content so that I can consult with him or her when I need help.
I share my problems with my classmates online so we know what we are struggling with and how to solve our problems.
If needed, I try to meet my classmates face-to-face.
I am persistent in getting help from the instructor through e-mail.
I summarize my learning in online courses to examine my understanding of what I have learned.
I ask myself a lot of questions about the course material when studying for an online course.
I communicate with my classmates to find out how I am doing in my online classes.
I communicate with my classmates to find out what I am learning that is different from what they are learning.